README.md, before:

<div align="center">

# 👋 Hello There!

### I'm **Arik Jehan Mendoza** 👦
A 17-year-old Filipino programmer and student who loves to code, explore, and discover the unknown. I’m deeply interested in embedded programming, electronics (from soldering to circuit design), and the fascinating world of combinatorics. Lately, I’ve been diving into mathematical research writing during my free time.

---

### 🧰 Languages I Use

[![Languages I Use!](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=rust,c,cpp,cs,kotlin,java,html,css,js&perline=3)](https://skillicons.dev)

---

### 🔧 Tools I Use

[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=vscode,visualstudio,neovim)](https://skillicons.dev)

---

### 💻 Operating Systems I Use (I Use Arch btw)

[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=arch,windows,ubuntu)](https://skillicons.dev)

---

### 📊 GitHub Statistics

<a href="https://github.com/Quadralific?tab=repositories">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Quadralific&show_icons=true&theme=radical&hide_border=true&bg_color=0D1117" alt="Quadralific's GitHub Stats" height="165px"/>
</a>
<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Programming_language">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Quadralific&layout=compact&theme=radical&hide_border=true&bg_color=0D1117" alt="Top Languages" height="165px"/>
</a>

---

### 💡 Quote I Live By
> *“The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing.”*  
> — Albert Einstein  

</div>

Commit message:

Revise personal introduction in README
Updated personal introduction to include current enrollment in Harvard's CS50x course.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

# 👋 Hello There!

### I'm **Arik Jehan Mendoza** 👦
A 17-year-old Filipino programmer and student who loves to code, explore, and discover the unknown. I’m deeply interested in embedded programming, electronics (from soldering to circuit design), and the fascinating world of combinatorics. Currently, I'm enrolled in Harvard's CS50x and will try to complete it.

---

### 🧰 Languages I Use

[![Languages I Use!](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=rust,c,cpp,cs,kotlin,java,html,css,js&perline=3)](https://skillicons.dev)

---

### 🔧 Tools I Use

[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=vscode,visualstudio,neovim)](https://skillicons.dev)

---

### 💻 Operating Systems I Use (I Use Arch btw)

[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=arch,windows,ubuntu)](https://skillicons.dev)

---

### 📊 GitHub Statistics

<a href="https://github.com/Quadralific?tab=repositories">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Quadralific&show_icons=true&theme=radical&hide_border=true&bg_color=0D1117" alt="Quadralific's GitHub Stats" height="165px"/>
</a>
<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Programming_language">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Quadralific&layout=compact&theme=radical&hide_border=true&bg_color=0D1117" alt="Top Languages" height="165px"/>
</a>

---

### 💡 Quote I Live By
> *“The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing.”*  
> — Albert Einstein  

</div>
